content/projects/_index.md, before:

---
description: "Project section where I share the projects I've done over the past years and my current work"
---

## Welcome to my humble project hub!

Hello there! This section is dedicated to show my humble *open-source* collaboration. 

I enjoy working on side projects that either looks fun to do, it is an interesting topic I wanted to explore or just because. 

The following list are the current **public** projects I've done:

- [dotfiles](https://github.com/salorak/dotfiles.git): A simple bash script to configure (and link) all my configurations files. It also contains my current configuration files.
- [salorak-configuration-files](https://github.com/salorak/salorak-config-files.git): A previous version of my dotfiles where I created bash scripts to configure and install any dependencies of each configuration files. It also contains some useful scripts such as a VPN selector to choose between [HackTheBox](https://hackthebox.com) and [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com) openvpn files. Feel free to check it out!
- [cursed-matrix](https://github.com/salorak/cursed-matrix.git): A simple matrix effect written in C using the ncurses library, thus the name. It is not finished but it works relatively well on Linux machines. 
- [whaler.nvim](https://github.com/salorak/whaler.nvim.git): A Neovim telescope extension plugin to move between projects blazingly fast, using the same concepts of the [tmux-sesionizer](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/.dotfiles/blob/master/bin/.local/scripts/tmux-sessionizer) from [ThePrimeagen](https://github.com/theprimeagen). Check it out!
- [qmk\_firmware](https://github.com/salorak/qmk_firmware.git): A QMK fork to store my own QMK configuration and layout.


### [dotfiles](https://github.com/salorak/dotfiles.git)
This project takes  HEAVY inspiration on [tsoding](https://twitch.tv/tsoding) bash [script](https://github.com/rexim/dotfiles/blob/master/deploy.sh) to configure his dotfiles. The script is quite easy as it only loops over a MANIFEST, a file containing a table with the path to dotfiles and the destination path, and configures everything.

The main differences with *tsoding* script are the following:
1. I pretty much overengineer'd the MANIFEST to make it look more human readable.
2. Added a backup support, where it allows to use the my configuration files and revert the changes at any time. Do not do it with directories!
3. Added arguments to allow versatility.

Oh! And it contains my **current** configuration files. Take a look at it, you will be surprised I joined both worlds: Emacs and Nvim. 

### [salorak-config-files](https://github.com/salorak/salorak-config-files.git)
My previous configuration git repository. This was my ~~first~~ attempt to unify my configuration files and create a personal installer.

It contains a LOT of work over the commits. I did not want to remove it as it contains a part of me.

One of the things I did was create a bash script to install each package I had in my machine along with some system utilities (such as xclip). When I realized I did not want to execute 10 scripts manually I created the [full_install.sh](https://github.com/SalOrak/Salorak-config-files/blob/main/Configurations/full_install.sh) to chain all the scripts in the correct order. If you want to have my previous setup, just run the script and watch how your Ubuntu (yes, I use Ubuntu) changes its shape completely.

### [cursed-matrix](https://github.com/salorak/cursed-matrix.git)
A simple matrix effect written in C using the [ncurses](https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/ncurses.html) library.

I've been using many guides, packages, plugins, applications, utilities and public forks over the years. This project is a naive attempt to give something out there. It is simple, basic but it kinda does the job. 


### [whaler.nvim](https://github.com/salorak/whaler.nvim.git)

`Whaler.nvim` is a neovim plugin that uses the incredible UI and functionality of [Telescope](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim) to allow fast-switching between directories.

On setup you add which directories contain the projects you want to keep an eye on and that's it! 

The plugin is made with customization in mind, so don't forget to check that out too! 

In case you are looking for the repository, [click here](https://github.com/salorak/whaler.nvim.git) to go directly ;)


### [qmk\_firmware](https://github.com/salorak/qmk_firmware.git)

The `qmk_firmware` github repository is a fork of the official [QMK Github](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware.git). I've build (and soldered) a split keyboard to use as my daily driver. This split keyboard is the famous [Corne Keyboard from Foostan](https://github.com/foostan/crkbd) which has a total of 42 keys, 6 of which are thumb keys.

In this repository I also have my custom keymaps based on Dvorak for Alpha keys. Check it out! 

One thing to mention is that I added navigation keys to move my mouse using the keyboard.

Commit message:

feat(whaler.el): added `whaler.el` project.

content/projects/_index.md, after:

---
description: "Project section where I share the projects I've done over the past years and my current work"
---

## Welcome to my humble project hub!

Hello there! This section is dedicated to show my humble *open-source* collaboration. 

I enjoy working on side projects that either looks fun to do, it is an interesting topic I wanted to explore or just because. 

The following list are the current **public** projects I've done:

- [dotfiles](https://github.com/salorak/dotfiles.git): A simple bash script to configure (and link) all my configurations files. It also contains my current configuration files.
- [salorak-configuration-files](https://github.com/salorak/salorak-config-files.git): A previous version of my dotfiles where I created bash scripts to configure and install any dependencies of each configuration files. It also contains some useful scripts such as a VPN selector to choose between [HackTheBox](https://hackthebox.com) and [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com) openvpn files. Feel free to check it out!
- [cursed-matrix](https://github.com/salorak/cursed-matrix.git): A simple matrix effect written in C using the ncurses library, thus the name. It is not finished but it works relatively well on Linux machines. 
- [whaler.nvim](https://github.com/salorak/whaler.nvim.git): A Neovim telescope extension plugin to move between projects blazingly fast, using the same concepts of the [tmux-sesionizer](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/.dotfiles/blob/master/bin/.local/scripts/tmux-sessionizer) from [ThePrimeagen](https://github.com/theprimeagen). Check it out!
- [whaler.el](https://github.com/salorak/whaler.el.git): A port of [whaler.nvim](https://github.com/salorak/whaler.nvim.git) to the Emacs ecosystem. It is a minimalistic and highly customizable project manager. It is available on [MELPA](https://melpa.org/).
- [qmk\_firmware](https://github.com/salorak/qmk_firmware.git): A QMK fork to store my own QMK configuration and layout.


### [dotfiles](https://github.com/salorak/dotfiles.git)
This project takes  HEAVY inspiration on [tsoding](https://twitch.tv/tsoding) bash [script](https://github.com/rexim/dotfiles/blob/master/deploy.sh) to configure his dotfiles. The script is quite easy as it only loops over a MANIFEST, a file containing a table with the path to dotfiles and the destination path, and configures everything.

The main differences with *tsoding* script are the following:
1. I pretty much overengineer'd the MANIFEST to make it look more human readable.
2. Added a backup support, where it allows to use the my configuration files and revert the changes at any time. Do not do it with directories!
3. Added arguments to allow versatility.

Oh! And it contains my **current** configuration files. Take a look at it, you will be surprised I joined both worlds: Emacs and Nvim. 

### [salorak-config-files](https://github.com/salorak/salorak-config-files.git)
My previous configuration git repository. This was my ~~first~~ attempt to unify my configuration files and create a personal installer.

It contains a LOT of work over the commits. I did not want to remove it as it contains a part of me.

One of the things I did was create a bash script to install each package I had in my machine along with some system utilities (such as xclip). When I realized I did not want to execute 10 scripts manually I created the [full_install.sh](https://github.com/SalOrak/Salorak-config-files/blob/main/Configurations/full_install.sh) to chain all the scripts in the correct order. If you want to have my previous setup, just run the script and watch how your Ubuntu (yes, I use Ubuntu) changes its shape completely.

### [cursed-matrix](https://github.com/salorak/cursed-matrix.git)
A simple matrix effect written in C using the [ncurses](https://invisible-island.net/ncurses/ncurses.html) library.

I've been using many guides, packages, plugins, applications, utilities and public forks over the years. This project is a naive attempt to give something out there. It is simple, basic but it kinda does the job. 


### [whaler.nvim](https://github.com/salorak/whaler.nvim.git)

`Whaler.nvim` is a neovim plugin that uses the incredible UI and functionality of [Telescope](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim) to allow fast-switching between directories.

On setup you add which directories contain the projects you want to keep an eye on and that's it! 

The plugin is made with customization in mind, so don't forget to check that out too! 

In case you are looking for the repository, [click here](https://github.com/salorak/whaler.nvim.git) to go directly ;)

### [whaler.el](https://github.com/salorak/whaler.el.git)

`Whaler.el` is a port of the [whaler.nvim](https://github.com/salorak/whaler.nvim.git) neovim plugin to the Emacs ecosystem. 

It is based around the same concept but adding a more customizable API for Emacs users to work with.

**Whaler** offers a tailored experience to managing your projects. It is a minimalistic and highly customizable project manager. 

**Whaler** acts as a `completing-read` function extension to move ~blazingly~ fast between directories as well as have a minimalistic sense of working directory whilst providing an easy to use API to work with directories.

`Whaler.el` is a package to move between directories while maintaining a sense of working directory, i.e a project manager.

Don't forget to check it out, it is available on [MELPA](https://melpa.org/#/whaler).

### [qmk\_firmware](https://github.com/salorak/qmk_firmware.git)

The `qmk_firmware` github repository is a fork of the official [QMK Github](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware.git). I've build (and soldered) a split keyboard to use as my daily driver. This split keyboard is the famous [Corne Keyboard from Foostan](https://github.com/foostan/crkbd) which has a total of 42 keys, 6 of which are thumb keys.

In this repository I also have my custom keymaps based on Dvorak for Alpha keys. Check it out! 

One thing to mention is that I added navigation keys to move my mouse using the keyboard.
